Common

History
1.1	Fixed keyboard traversal. Errors included:
	- widgets sometimes refused to release focus
	- in some cases programs crashed when iconified
	Visibility and unmap actions removed (they were not needed);
	highlighting is now only done when the focus is set
	explicitly; improved conditions in focusIn and focusOut.

1.2	(Oct '93) Added type Icon + converters; strncasecmp() replaced
	with XMuCompareISOLatin1().
1.3	(Apr '95) Added cache_by_display and cvtIconDestructor to
	class_initialize.
1.4	(Jul '95) Added visible_interest = TRUE, so that $visible
	is valid. Fixed bug in set_values: $traversal_focus wasn't set
	to FALSE when $sensitive became FALSE
	(MARKUS@Melaten.IHF.RWTH-Aachen.DE)
1.5	(Dec '95) Added "if ($being_destroyed) return;" to
	traverse(). Thanks to Lachlan Wetherall
	<lwether@sol.newcastle.edu.au>
1.6	(14 Feb '96) changed order of resources, to make sure xcc is
	created before any colors; xcc now created with a resource
	default proc, for same reason; xcc is copied from parent if
	the parent is a subclass of common, otherwise new xcc is
	created; background is now copied to background_pixel; XCC is
	now optional and can be turned off with resource useXCC;


Copyright

	Copyright 1995 Bert Bos (hereafter `the author')

Conditions of use

	Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this
	software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby
	granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice
	appears in all copies and that both that copyright notice and
	this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and
	that the name of the author not be used in advertising or
	publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without
	specific, written prior permission. The author makes no
	representations about the suitability of this software for any
	purpose.  It is provided "as is" without express or implied
	warranty.

	The author disclaims all warranties with regard to this
	software, including all implied warranties of merchantability
	and fitness, in no event shall The author be liable for any
	special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages
	whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits,
	whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous
	action, arising out of or in connection with the use or
	performance of this software.

