Label

Files
	Imakefile
	Label.tex	(documentation; format with Plain TeX)
	wbuildmac.tex	(TeX macros)
	stip4.bm	(X bitmap)
	Label.c
	LabelP.h
	Label.h
	Label.w		(the real source, see below)
	LabelT.c	(test program)

N.B.
	The widget files are computer-generated. The real source is
	Label.w. It has been processed with Wbuild (available by
	anonymous FTP from ftp.let.rug.nl)

Author
	Bert Bos <bert@let.rug.nl>
	Alfa-informatica, Rijksuniversiteit Groningen, The Netherlands
	August 1992

History
2.0	added tablist resource (by Rick Richardson <rick@digibd.com>)
2.1	changed set_label not to call expose, but to let X server do that.
2.2	(22 May '95) changed set_label to draw text faster, added XfwfSetLabel
2.3	(14 Sep '95) initialize now computes tabs before counting lines
	(Lachlan Wetherall <lwether@cs.newcastle.edu.au>)
2.4	(7 Dec 1995) changed last need_redisplay to True (Lachlan
	Wetherall <lwether@cs.newcastle.edu.au>)
2.5	(8 Feb 1996) changed some XfwfDrawImageString's to
	XfwfDrawString, to allow background pattern to show through.
2.6	(12 Feb 1996) replaced background_pixel by background
	(shouldn't make any diff.)

Copyright

	Copyright 1995,1996 Bert Bos (hereafter `the author')

Conditions of use

	Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this
	software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby
	granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice
	appears in all copies and that both that copyright notice and
	this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and
	that the name of the author not be used in advertising or
	publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without
	specific, written prior permission. The author makes no
	representations about the suitability of this software for any
	purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied
	warranty.

	The author disclaims all warranties with regard to this
	software, including all implied warranties of merchantability
	and fitness, in no event shall the author be liable for any
	special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages
	whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits,
	whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous
	action, arising out of or in connection with the use or
	performance of this software.
