Frame

Files
	Imakefile
	Frame.c
	Frame.man	(manual page for the Frame widget)
	FrameP.h
	Frame.h
	stip4.bm	(X bitmap)
	Frame.w		(the real source, see below)
	FrameT.c	(test program)
	FrameT.man	(manual page for test program)

N.B.
	The widget files are computer-generated. The real source is
	Frame.w. It has been processed with Wbuild (available by
	anonymous FTP from ftp.let.rug.nl)

Author
	Bert Bos <bert@let.rug.nl>
	Alfa-informatica, Rijksuniversiteit Groningen, The Netherlands
	August 1992

History
2.0	April 1993
2.0.1	(28 June 1993) Changed change_managed to always set the size
	of the child. (thanks to M. M. Saggaf <alsaggaf@athena.mit.edu>)
2.1	(7 July 1993) Changed `lightColor' to `topShadowColor' and
	`darkColor' to `bottomShadowColor', in accordance with Motif
	usage.
2.1.1	(7 Oct '93) changed `=' in a condition to `==' on line 322
	(thanks to Robert Forsman)
2.2	(19 Oct '93) moved creation of bitmaps from initialize to
	realize method. This was an error: it cannot be assumed that a
	widget already has a window ID when it is in it's initialize
	method. (Thanks to Rich Alberth)
2.2.1	(6 Dec '93) Added forgotten `return need_redisplay' to
	`set_values'
2.3	(12 Feb '96) changed background_pixel to background (see
	Common, shouldn't make any diff. though)

Copyright

	Copyright 1995 Bert Bos (hereafter `the author')

Conditions of use

	Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this
	software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby
	granted without fee, provided that the above copyright notice
	appears in all copies and that both that copyright notice and
	this permission notice appear in supporting documentation, and
	that the name of the author not be used in advertising or
	publicity pertaining to distribution of the software without
	specific, written prior permission. The author makes no
	representations about the suitability of this software for any
	purpose. It is provided "as is" without express or implied
	warranty.

	The author disclaims all warranties with regard to this
	software, including all implied warranties of merchantability
	and fitness, in no event shall the author be liable for any
	special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages
	whatsoever resulting from loss of use, data or profits,
	whether in an action of contract, negligence or other tortuous
	action, arising out of or in connection with the use or
	performance of this software.


Local Variables:
mode: indented-text
end:
